Hexad Meeting Minutes

Date: Friday, February 2nd, 2024
Time: 7h00 pm - 9h00 pm (2h)
Location: Concordia University, Hall Building 8th floor

Attendees: 
Christelle Charles (40249246)
Imen Khezzar (40246836)
Sydney Campbell (40243309)
Yaroslava (40242907)
Rania Maoukout (40249281)
Malak Sefrioui(40252907)

Agenda:

1. Frontend
2. Database design
3. CI/CD and Hosting
4. Seperating the tasks


Discussion: 

    Frontend 
        The team decided to use Figma to design the frontend of the website. We will take inspiration on other 
        rental car websites. The team decided that almost all memebers will work fullstack in order to learn more
        about the frameworks and tools we will use. This decision was made because of the concern about the frontend and 
        backend not being working together if different students work on the same feature. Therefore,we agreed on creating 
        a "master" CSS file in order to facilitate the coherence of the design throughout the website.

        Action item: Create a figma project and start design the website

    Database design
        The team decided to use an sql database how we want to use a structured schema and have clear relationship
        between entities such as users, resvations and vehicles. 

        Action item: Choose which sql database to use

    Hosting
        The team discussed what it would take for our website to follow the idea of continuous integration and continuous deployment.
        We plan on researching which tools to use. Possibly docker and jenkins. To host the website netlify seems to be a good
        choice as it is free to use and allow the integration of automatic continuous deployment. Therefore any feature merged into 'main'
        will automatically triggere a new deploy. 

        Action item: Find which CI workflow to use, set up netlify and link it to our github

    Task seperation
        The team divided the task base on the list of main use cases. We discussed how each point should be implementd.
        The team divided the "Approach and Technology" so that everyone cn work on it. The plan for sprint 1 writing part is 
        seperated based on who was associated which task.

        Action item: Write the documentation

Next steps:
- Finish setting up the git hub and all the tools
- Design the website on figma
- Write the  6 user stories for sprint 2
- Write the "approach and technology "document
- Write the "plan for sprint 2" document
